So I need to create then
product item within components,
I'm going to create ProductItem.js.
And this is one of the part where
I don't need to type it manually
because it's a lot of things that
we have already seen before,
so I will just jump into
the course documentation and
copy and paste this one, okay?
In this case,
we are in chapter 5, lesson 3,
it's the product item,
items component and we have one ready for
copy and paste and
we can analyze the code anyway.
So, we have it's an HTMLElement,
so it's a custom element and
we are registering that at the bottom,
which we know what that's doing.
Constructor is actually
doing nothing at this point.
I'm not creating a Shadow DOM, okay?
Then on connected call back
I'm getting the template,
cloning the template, appending
the template, we know how to do that.
Then I'm parsing the JSON that
we set in the dataset, so
we have the object back,
and I'm querying different
parts of the template and
setting the text content.
Nothing too fancy, just fill in the gaps.
This is not the template HTML, no,
we are filling each part individually.
And then we have these event handlers
that I will explain in a minute, so
why it's so complicated, okay?
But let's say this and
see what happens now, oops.
By the way, nothing happens.
Does anyone know why?
I need to import somewhere in
the execution chain product item JS,
if not the browser will
never execute that.
So I need to find app.js and
add another import for ProductItem.
So, now we have something different.
Okay, so
automagically we have a list of categories
with products inside, that looks good.
>> Why aren't you parsing
the product via an attribute?
>> I could-
>> You realize-
>> Just to show you a different
ways to do that.
So, what are the other ways to
parse these as an attribute?
For that the solution will be to go to my
data item js and create the property.
Basic JavaScript, not TypeScript, so
yeah, how do you set up a property?
Like you don't unless
it's private with a hash,
I'm not sure if you've seen that,
we will use that later, and
then create a setter and a getter,
but not through data set.
If you're using data set,
you must use a string.
But if it's a property,
it's fine, you can parse it.
Yeah, sure,
just to show you a different techniques.
So what about the, if it says click?
And this is something that
we haven't seen before.
I mean, we've seen how to detect
click because it's an event listener.
So we are taking the anchor
of my template and
let's look at the templates first,
let's inspect it here.
It's actually the anchor,
it's actually wrapping the image and
the section that has to
deal with all information.
So actually the link is a whole row, okay?
The whole row is a link, okay?
So the thing is that I can click like
there and it's actually doing something.
Look at the URL,
it's going to product hyperlink 11.
So it's going to the details for
some reason.
Okay, so it's working that part.
So, But
we also have a button here and
we have a problem,
the button is also within the same link.
So when you click on the button,
the link event handler fires.
Do you understand the problem?
So the link is actually, in this case,
an element that includes a button.
It doesn't seem like right initially,
but this is a pretty common pattern.
So how to solve the problem with the DOM?
Well, we could check event.target.
So remember I mentioned before
that we do have two things,
target and current target.
I mentioned we will see that later.
So, we are attaching an event listener
over the link, over the anchor, okay?
That's actually current target,
it's going to be a link.
And what about target?
Target is actually the lower level
element where you clicked on.
So if I click on Black Americano,
it's an H4.
So the current target is still a because
it's actually the object where we
are binding the event to.
But this one, it can be anything,
so just the button.
So then I'm very fine if the tag
name of the target is button.
And if it's button we need to add it
to the cart, not go to the details.
Does it makes sense?
But that's that part, Okay?
Cool, now the details is empty.
So if I click here, it's empty.
So we also need to create
the web component for that.
But before a web component, in fact,
if we inspect this and we log into
the body main, we see that in this case
we are using a different technique.
We are not parsing the whole object,
we are parsing the ID.
Again, just to show you different
ways to work with this.
So we received the ID,
we need to find the ID somewhere.
So what we need,
it's within Menu.js, a function,
That will get a ProductById, okay?
I'm using an async function and you say,
hey, that's a look like something for
an async function,
it's verifying in a local array.
Well, the thing is that what happens
if you're loading the details
page initially by default, you didn't
pass through the whole homepage,
for example, so
maybe we don't have yet the menu.
So maybe we can check
if we do have a menu or
if the menu is no,
we can maybe await for what?
For raw data, that is our other function.
Or we can use a gather with lazy load,
another way to solve the problem.
And here we can use different
techniques to go faster with this,
but just plain priming solving
is we are going to make this,
we go through every category and
every product in that category,
and we check if the ID is
the one that we are looking for.
And in that case, we return that.
And if not, we return null.
Meaning, yeah, I don't have it,
pretty simple algorithm.